StudioGo

Concieved By
Christian Bebis
Jack Hokins

Designed By
Christian Bebis

Developed By
Matthew Bebis

Required Software
Xcode 10 or higher

Initializing Stage
Open a Terminal window and traverse to the /StudioGo directory
Type
  pod install
  
Once installation is successful open the .xcworkspace file in the same directory using Xcode.

Google Maps SDK setup
You will need to create a google maps SDK account. This requires putting a credit card down but will not charge you unless you go over the calls limit.
Use this link:
https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/?apis=maps

Make sure just Maps is checked off and continue.

Create a project. You can call it studio go.

Enable billing and you should be in the google maps sdk console.

Navigate to the APIs section from the menu on the left side of the screen.

Select the Maps SDK for iOS.

Click enable to activate it.

Navigate to Credentials and copy the key to your clipboard.

Return to the Xcode and navigate to the Models folder.

In this folder create a new file and name it MapsKey (should have extension .swift once created)

The file should contain only this

    import UIKit

    struct MapsKey {

        let googleMapsKey = "MAPS_KEY"

    }
    
Google maps should now be set up. Once this is set up you should be able to run the application through the simulator.

Provisioning Profile

It's suggested you follow a tutorial from a google search.

You need to create a provisioning profile to let you run the application on your device.

Click on the top level of the project. (The blue icon)

The settings will appear, make sure that the StudioGo target is selected in the top left drop down of the settings.

Click on signings and compatibilities.

Under signings select a team, and if you dont have one, create an account to use as the Team.

Once this is set up you should be able to run the application through the simulator and on to your own device.



